c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\frontEnd\frontEnd\bin\Debug\frontEnd.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\frontEnd\frontEnd\bin\Debug\frontEnd.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\frontEnd\frontEnd\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\frontEnd\frontEnd\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\frontEnd.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\About.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Appearance.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\Pages\SettingsPage.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\About.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Appearance.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\Pages\SettingsPage.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\frontEnd_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\frontEnd.g.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\frontEnd.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\frontEnd.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\Pages\NCR.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\Pages\NCR.g.cs
C:\Users\USER\Documents\GitHub\Enterprise-Frontend\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\frontEnd.exe
C:\Users\USER\Documents\GitHub\Enterprise-Frontend\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\frontEnd.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Documents\GitHub\Enterprise-Frontend\frontEnd\frontEnd\bin\Debug\frontEnd.exe
C:\Users\USER\Documents\GitHub\Enterprise-Frontend\frontEnd\frontEnd\bin\Debug\frontEnd.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Documents\GitHub\Enterprise-Frontend\frontEnd\frontEnd\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
C:\Users\USER\Documents\GitHub\Enterprise-Frontend\frontEnd\frontEnd\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
C:\Users\USER\Documents\GitHub\Enterprise-Frontend\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\frontEnd.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\USER\Documents\GitHub\Enterprise-Frontend\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\USER\Documents\GitHub\Enterprise-Frontend\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\Pages\NCR.baml
C:\Users\USER\Documents\GitHub\Enterprise-Frontend\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\About.baml
C:\Users\USER\Documents\GitHub\Enterprise-Frontend\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Appearance.baml
C:\Users\USER\Documents\GitHub\Enterprise-Frontend\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.baml
C:\Users\USER\Documents\GitHub\Enterprise-Frontend\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\Pages\SettingsPage.baml
C:\Users\USER\Documents\GitHub\Enterprise-Frontend\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\USER\Documents\GitHub\Enterprise-Frontend\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\USER\Documents\GitHub\Enterprise-Frontend\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\Pages\NCR.g.cs
C:\Users\USER\Documents\GitHub\Enterprise-Frontend\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\About.g.cs
C:\Users\USER\Documents\GitHub\Enterprise-Frontend\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Appearance.g.cs
C:\Users\USER\Documents\GitHub\Enterprise-Frontend\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.g.cs
C:\Users\USER\Documents\GitHub\Enterprise-Frontend\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\Pages\SettingsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\USER\Documents\GitHub\Enterprise-Frontend\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\USER\Documents\GitHub\Enterprise-Frontend\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\frontEnd_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\USER\Documents\GitHub\Enterprise-Frontend\frontEnd\frontEnd\obj\Debug\frontEnd.g.resources
